## Introduction

Hosted by laitos [web server](https://github.com/HouzuoGuo/laitos/wiki/%5BDaemon%5D-web-server),
users may initiate a chat (e.g. Skype) with laitos to invoke app commands

The web hook is compatible with the Microsoft Bot Framework (aka Azure Bot
services).

## Preparation

1. Sign up for a Microsoft account and visit [Microsoft Bot Framework homepage](https://dev.botframework.com/).
2. Visit "My bots" and then [create a new bot](https://dev.botframework.com/bots/new)
3. Enter basic details such as name and description.
4. Think of a URL on your laitos server that will serve the bot, make the endpoint difficult to guess and write it down
   into "Message endpoint". (e.g. `https://my-laitos-server.net/very-secret-microsoft-bot-hook`)
5. Click "Create Microsoft App ID and password" to automatically generate an app ID, be sure to note down the password
   as it will be filled into configuration soon.
6. Submit the form to complete registration of the new bot.

## Configuration
1. Place the following JSON data under JSON key `HTTPHandlers`:
    - String `MicrosoftBotEndpoint1` - URL location that will serve Microsoft bot; keep it a secret to yourself, and
      make it difficult to guess.
    - Object `MicrosoftBotEndpointConfig1` that comes with the following mandatory properties:
<table>
<tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Meaning</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>ClientAppID</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>Bot's "app ID" that was automatically generated by Microsoft bot framework.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>ClientAppSecret</td>
    <td>strings</td>
    <td>Bot's "app secret password" that was automatically generated by Microsoft bot framework.</td>
</tr>
</table>

2. Follow [command processor](https://github.com/HouzuoGuo/laitos/wiki/Command-processor) to construct configuration for
   JSON key `HTTPFilters`.

Here is an example:
<pre>
{
    ...

    "HTTPHandlers": {
        ...

        "MicrosoftBotEndpoint1": "/very-secret-microsoft-bot-hook",
        "MicrosoftBotEndpointConfig1": {
            "ClientAppID": "abcde-fghijkl-mnopqrs-xyz012",
            "ClientAppSecret": "b54xni73chmixdd9as3288"
        },

        ...
    },

    ...
}
</pre>

## Run

The service is hosted by web server, therefore remember to [run the web server](https://github.com/HouzuoGuo/laitos/wiki/%5BDaemon%5D-web-server#run).

As required by Azure bot service, the web server must have a valid TLS
certificate and present its complete certificate chain to HTTPS clients.

## Usage

Visit [Azure Bot services](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_ProjectOxford/AppliedAIHub/BotServices),
click on the bot name, and visit the `Channels` tab. Click `Add to Skype` to
add the bot as a Skype contact.

Initiate a chat with the Skype contact, enter password followed by app command,
and the command result will arrive in a chat reply.

## Tips

- Make the endpoint URLs to guess, this helps to prevent misuse of the service.
- A laitos server may serve up to three bots. To configure more than one bot,
  fill in the configuration for `MicrosoftBotEndpoint2`, `MicrosoftBotEndpoint3`,
  as well as `MicrosoftBotEndpointConfig2` and `MicrosoftBotEndpointConfig3`.
